I have to work hard in order to achieve success. As I am a student, I have to visit classes, go to the library, a laboratory, and spend a lot of time preparing for the seminars. In order to complete all the tasks I have to plan everything beforehand. My working day starts at 6 o'clock in the morning. I wash, clean my teeth, dress my sportswear and go to a sports ground. Jogging in the morning wakes me up, brings me energy and good mood. After my morning exercises I go home take a cold and hot shower and have my breakfast. As I want to keep fit, I often cook oatmeal with fruit and drink a glass of fruit or vegetable juice. After breakfast I put on my coat and go to the university. As I live far from the university, I take a bus. I come to the university several minutes before the bell because I do not want to be late for classes. My classes are over at 3 pm, so I usually have dinner in the university canteen at that time. But my working day is not over. I often have to go to the library in order to prepare for seminars or write a report, as I do not have all the necessary books at home. It may take several hours to accomplish all the tasks. When I go there with my friends, we may help each other with the tasks. After everything is done, I have some spare time to relax and have fun with my friends. We sometimes go to a cafe and discuss either our student life, or the latest news at the university, or make plans for the weekend. But more often we go for a walk to the park or visit a sport club, where we play bowling or billiards. After that I go home, i come home at about 8 o'clock in the evening. I usually have supper at that time, I eat a vegetable or fruit salad, drink a cup of tea with jam or honey. Later on, I usually listen to my favourite music, watch TV or read a book. At 10 pm I go to bed. When I have free time, I often listen to my favourite composer, Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart, His works fill me with new energy, help me to relax and raise my mood. He was a very talented musician. His father taught him the violin, piano and musical theory. Little Mozart began to write music at the age of four. He wrote his first opera when he was eleven. When Mozart became an adult, he moved to Vienna. He had been successful in this town as a child prodigy, but as an adult he found it difficult to find a job. In Vienna he met Haydn, who became his second father. Haydn supported the young composer and helped him in his musical career. Mozart's operas became very popular in the city. He did not spend much time thinking about his next composition. Musical ideas sprang from his mind and he just had to write them down. At this time he married Constance Weber and wrote one of his most famous works — C-minor composition. Mozart enjoyed a successful career. He worked a lot. He visited Prague with his operas. Writing his last work Requiem, commissioned by an unusual stranger, that it was his own requiem. He did not manage to finish his work and died at the age of 35 from poor health. The Requiem was completed by one of his pupils, Sussmar. Mozart's 49 symphonies and 18 operas are now world-famous and are considered to have healing power. Over the centuries Ukrainian people have developed their own arts of music, theatre, and painting. Some Ukrainian artists and their masterpieces are famous not only in Ukraine but also all over the world. Ukrainian music has a long history. Folk traditions have preserved to this day original songs, lyrical, humorous, and patriotic and others. Kobza, bandura, sopilka are among most famous national musical instruments. Kobza is a unique musical instrument. The one who plays it is called kobzar. One of the most famous kobzars was Hnat Honcharenko. Blind from childhood, he learned to play kobza at 20—22 and wandered singing and playing dumas, psalms, and humorous songs and teaching other kobzars. He spent the last part of his life mostly in Sevastopol. In 1908 Lesia Ukrainka took Honcharenko to Yalta and, with her husband Kolya Kvitka recorded his dumas. Speaking about Ukrainian composers, we must mention I. Stravinsky and Sergei Prokofiev, who were born in Ukraine. Mikhailo Lysenko, a pianist, composer, conductor and folklorist was an important figure of the Ukrainian musical renaissance. Among his operas there are the well-known Taras Bulba and Natalka Poltavka. In Ukraine the oldest surviving paintings are frescoes found on the northern Black Sea coast. Famous frescoes of Saint Sophia Cathedral in Kiev and of the Armenian Cathedral in Lvov are one of the oldest and attract many tourists from Ukraine and abroad. After the Academy of Arts in Saint Petersburg was established, many talented painters moved to Russia. This emigration deprived Ukrainian painting of its most creative talents. But there were several exceptions that devoted most of their painting to Ukrainian interests. Among such painters was Taras Shevchenko, who is considered the father of modern Ukrainian painting. One more famous representative of the Ukrainian art was Ilia Repin. He was an outstanding painter, full member of the Saint Petersburg Academy of Arts. Many of his works show Ukraine, its people and its history. Among them there are the most famous painting The Zhaporozhian Cossacks Write a Letter to the Turkish Sultan, Evening Party, Haidamakys, Cossack in the Steppe, and Hopak. He also painted many portraits of Russian and Ukrainian cultural figures. Among them were Mikhailo Kostomarov, Illya Kramskoi, Taras Shevchenko and others. The history of Ukrainian theatre also goes back to the ancient times. We may find their traces in pre-Christian traditions and rituals. They are evident even today in the summer Kupalo festival, the winter carols and above all in the ceremony of the Ukrainian wedding. The further development of Ukrainian theatre was influenced by European medieval theatre traditions. The first Ukrainian language plays of Ivan Kotliarevsky and Hrigoriy Kvitka-Osnovianenko were staged by Poltava Free Theatre in 1819. Many Ukrainian landlords organized serf theatres at their estates. In their theatres Ukrainian plays were performed. In Russian-ruled Ukraine many amateur and touring theatre groups were active. The leaders in organizing them were Mikola Starytsky and Ivan Karpenko-Kary. The first professional Ukrainian theatre was a touring troupe in Austrian-ruled Galicia and Bukovina. It was directed by Olexandr Bachynsky. The times of the Soviet rule were not easy for Ukrainian theatre. Over the past few years the Ukrainian theatre is on the wave of national revival. Many youth theatres, musical comedies and theatre stars have appeared.